Updated concept page with concepts image and description. (#137)
glotzerlab/signac-docs: docs/source/intro.rst

With **signac**, we define the processes generating and manipulating a specific data set as a sequence of operations on a job.
Using this abstraction, **signac** can define workflows on an arbitrary **signac** data space.

.. _concepts_overview
.. figure:: images/signac_data_space.png

    Overview of the **signac** framework.

>     When a project is created, a workspace directory is intialized on disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When a project is initialized (such as `signac init` on the command line) a `workspace/` directory is created.
```

>     Each job is uniquely identified by a set of user-defined state points, which are formatted as dictionaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Each job is identified its `state point`,  a _unique_ dictionary that contains relevant parameters describing the job.
```

we should link to the definition of each of these key words

    The workspace holds a directory for each job, containing JSON files that store the state point and job document.
    The job directory name is a hash of the state point's contents.
    Here, the ``init.py`` file initializes an empty project and adds one job with state point ``{"a": 1}``.
    Next, users define a workflow using a subclass of **signac-flow**'s ``FlowProject``.

>     The workflow shown has three operations (simulate, analyze, visualize) that, when executed, produce two new files ``results.txt`` and ``plot.png`` in the job directory.

Author: May rephrase this to be more general. We might want to talk about flow in the context of how they fit together, rather than as the next step.

Reviewer 2: Great improvement for now
